(u"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.", u'Albert Einstein')
(u"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.", u'Bernard M. Baruch')
(u'So many books, so little time.', u'Frank Zappa')
(u'A room without books is like a body without a soul.', u'Marcus Tullius Cicero')
(u"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.', u'Mae West')
(u'Be the change that you wish to see in the world.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.", u'Robert Frost')
(u"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.", u'Mark Twain')
(u'A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.', u'Elbert Hubbard')
(u"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.", u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u"Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.", u'Rob Siltanen')
(u'Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.', u'Narcotics Anonymous')
(u"I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.', u'Maurice Switzer')
(u'Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.', u'Allen Saunders')
(u'Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.', u'Bil Keane')
(u"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.", u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.", u'Gordon A. Eadie')
(u'The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.", u'Elie Wiesel')
(u'It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.', u'Steve Martin')
(u'Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'That which does not kill us makes us stronger.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'If you judge people, you have no time to love them.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'It is never too late to be what you might have been.', u'George Eliot')
(u'Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.', u'Lao Tzu')
(u'Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.', u'Garrison Keillor')
(u"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.", u'Albert Einstein')
(u"I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.", u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.', u'Robert A. Heinlein')
(u'I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.', u'Jorge Luis Borges')
(u'Everything you can imagine is real.', u'Pablo Picasso')
(u'Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.", u'Charles M. Schulz')
(u'Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.', u'Jim Henson')
(u'You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.", u'Woody Allen')
(u'Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.', u'Paul   Terry')
(u'If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.', u'Bob Marley')
(u'Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.', u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.', u'Bob Marley')
(u"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.", u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.', u'Theodore Roosevelt')
(u'Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.", u'Shel Silverstein')
(u'The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.', u'Alexandre Dumas fils')
(u'When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.', u'Helen Keller')
(u'I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.', u'Groucho Marx')
(u'I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'There is no friend as loyal as a book.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u'Do one thing every day that scares you.', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.', u'Alfred Tennyson')
(u'I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.', u'Benjamin Franklin Wade')
(u"You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.", u'John Lennon')
(u'I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.', u'W.C. Fields')
(u'There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.", u'Toni Morrison')
(u'Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.', u'Linda Grayson')
(u"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.", u'Ayn Rand')
(u'It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.', u'E.E. Cummings')
(u'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.', u'Khaled Hosseini')
(u'Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"I know God won't give me anything I can't handle. I just wish he didn't trust me so much.", u'Anonymous')
(u'A day without laughter is a day wasted.', u'Nicolas Chamfort')
(u'Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.', u'Aristotle')
(u"Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.", u'Markus Herz')
(u'An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.', u'Helen Keller')
(u'I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources', u'C.E.M. Joad')
(u"Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.", u'Roald Dahl')
(u'I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.', u'Charles William Eliot')
(u'You can never be overdressed or overeducated.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.', u'Socrates')
(u"Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.", u'Lemony Snicket')
(u'Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent', u'Victor Hugo')
(u"A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.", u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there", u'George Harrison')
(u'You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.', u'John Green')
(u"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!", u'Audrey Hepburn')
(u'The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.', u'Isaac Asimov')
(u"And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.", u'Roald Dahl')
(u'You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.', u'Albert Camus')
(u"Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.", u'John Green')
(u'If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer", u'Douglas Adams')
(u'We love the things we love for what they are.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.', u'Leo Tolstoy')
(u'Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.', u'Dalai Lama XIV')
(u'Peace begins with a smile..', u'Mother Teresa')
(u"You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.", u'Ray Bradbury')
(u'Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.', u'John Lennon')
(u'Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.', u'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow')
(u"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.", u'Carter Crocker')
(u'You cannot find peace by avoiding life.', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.', u'Gustave Flaubert')
(u'What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.', u'Margaret Mead')
(u"If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you.", u'A.A. Milne')
(u"When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.", u'Groucho Marx')
(u"There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.", u'Oscar Levant')
(u"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.', u'Kurt Vonnegut')
(u'Never memorize something that you can look up.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.", u'Thomas Szasz')
(u'In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Whatever you are, be a good one.', u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Where there is love there is life.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.", u'Lemony Snicket')
(u"Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'A good friend will always stab you in the front.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.', u'Zelda Fitzgerald')
(u'Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.', u'Plato')
(u"The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever", u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u"I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.', u'Albert Camus')
(u"Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore.", u'Lady Gaga')
(u"I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.', u'E.B. White')
(u"Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.", u'Mark Twain')
(u"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?", u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.', u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u'Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'May you live every day of your life.', u'Jonathan Swift')
(u'You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.', u'Brigham Young')
(u'We loved with a love that was more than love.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.', u'Francis Bacon')
(u'When someone shows you who they are believe them; the first time.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.', u'May Sarton')
(u'Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.', u'George R.R. Martin')
(u'Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.', u'Lemony Snicket')
(u'The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.', u'C.G. Jung')
(u'Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.', u'Plato')
(u'Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.', u'Phyllis Diller')
(u'Never laugh at live dragons.', u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u'Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?", u'John Lennon')
(u"I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something.", u'Neil Gaiman')
(u'A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever', u'Dave Matthews Band')
(u'Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.', u'Bette Midler')
(u'A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?", u'L.M. Montgomery')
(u'I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.', u'Jerome K. Jerome')
(u'I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!', u'William Shakespeare')
(u'Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.', u'Albert Camus')
(u'When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.', u'Erasmus')
(u'Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.', u'Voltaire')
(u'And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'The planet is fine. The people are fucked.', u'George Carlin')
(u"Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.", u'Stephen King')
(u'If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.", u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"What's meant to be will always find a way", u'Trisha Yearwood')
(u'If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.", u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u'Always do what you are afraid to do.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'I am not young enough to know everything.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.', u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.', u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.', u'Frederick Douglass')
(u'Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.', u'Augustine of Hippo')
(u'In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.', u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.", u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.", u'Milan Kundera')
(u'Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.', u'Anne Frank')
(u'Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?', u'Henry Ward Beecher')
(u'There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.', u'Bertrand Russell')
(u'Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.', u'Arthur Schopenhauer')
(u'The heart was made to be broken.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.', u'Tom Bodett')
(u"The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.", u'Abigail Van Buren')
(u"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.", u'W.C. Fields')
(u'I cannot live without books.', u'Thomas Jefferson')
(u"I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.", u'Mae West')
(u"All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u"I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.", u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.", u'Stephen Hawking')
(u'God created war so that Americans would learn geography.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.', u'Aristotle')
(u"It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.', u'Coco Chanel')
(u"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.', u'Stephen King')
(u"Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.", u'Lloyd Alexander')
(u'Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.', u'Carl Sagan')
(u'Happiness is a warm puppy.', u'Charles M. Schulz')
(u'Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u"I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.", u'Jon Katz')
(u'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.', u'Benjamin Franklin')
(u'It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.', u'William Shakespeare')
(u'In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.', u'George Orwell')
(u"I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.", u'Woody Allen')
(u'You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.', u'Saul Bellow')
(u'what matters most is how well you walk through the fire', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'Books may well be the only true magic.', u'Alice Hoffman')
(u"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.", u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u'Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.', u'John Lennon')
(u"Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.', u'Sarah   Williams')
(u"Being crazy isn't enough.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.', u'Jonathan Safran Foer')
(u"Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.", u'Stephen King')
(u'Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.', u'Walt Disney Company')
(u'Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.', u'Neil Gaiman')
(u'Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.', u'Nora Ephron')
(u'Why fit in when you were born to stand out?', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'Any fool can know. The point is to understand.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.", u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.', u'Joseph Brodsky')
(u'Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing.", u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands.', u'Daphne du Maurier')
(u'Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u'Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.', u'Anthony G. Oettinger')
(u'Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?', u'Mark Twain')
(u'A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.', u'Coco Chanel')
(u"I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.", u'Audrey Hepburn')
(u'Turn your wounds into wisdom.', u'Oprah Winfrey')
(u'The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.", u'Haruki Murakami')
(u'A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass.', u'Cassandra Clare')
(u'The unexamined life is not worth living.', u'Socrates')
(u'Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.', u'Bob Marley')
(u'Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.', u'Arthur C. Clarke')
(u"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.", u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.', u'Anonymous')
(u'Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.', u'Pablo Picasso')
(u'The wound is the place where the Light enters you.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u"Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.", u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'If you are going through hell, keep going.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?", u'Mother Teresa')
(u'Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.', u'Joan Crawford')
(u'Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.', u'Albert Camus')
(u"It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.", u'Bill Watterson')
(u"Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.", u'Jack Kerouac')
(u'I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.", u'Bette Davis')
(u'Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.', u'William Faulkner')
(u'Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.', u'Nelson Mandela')
(u'I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.', u'Agatha Christie')
(u'Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.', u'J.K. Rowling')
(u'Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.', u'Leonardo da Vinci')
(u"You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do.", u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Who said nights were for sleep?', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.", u'F. Scott Fitzgerald')
(u'Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read.', u'Raymond Carver')
(u"People haven't always been there for me but music always has.", u'Taylor Swift')
(u'Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.', u'Plato')
(u'You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive.', u'James     Baldwin')
(u'One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.', u'Sigmund Freud')
(u'In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.', u'Mortimer J. Adler')
(u"That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.", u'F. Scott Fitzgerald')
(u'Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Nobody can hurt me without my permission.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.", u'Maya Angelou')
(u'None but ourselves can free our minds.', u'Bob Marley')
(u"Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.", u'Muhammad Ali')
(u'Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?', u'Albert Camus')
(u'It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.', u'Theodore Roosevelt')
(u'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart', u'Helen Keller')
(u"Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.", u'Margaret Mitchell')
(u'If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.', u'Marcus Tullius Cicero')
(u'Fiction is the truth inside the lie.', u'Stephen King')
(u'Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.', u'Timothy Leary')
(u'Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.', u'Terry Pratchett')
(u'To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.', u'Anne Tyler')
(u"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.", u'Robert Louis Stevenson')
(u'You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.', u'William Faulkner')
(u'You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.', u'Alexander Pope')
(u'We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.', u'J.K. Rowling')
(u'When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.', u'Cathy Guisewite')
(u'Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.', u'Albert Schweitzer')
(u"How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.", u'Shel Silverstein')
(u'Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.', u'Confucius')
(u'We live for books.', u'Umberto Eco')
(u'God has no religion.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.', u'Rudyard Kipling')
(u'Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Only in the darkness can you see the stars.', u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u'I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.', u"Flannery O'Connor")
(u'I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.', u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u'Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.', u'Joseph Campbell')
(u'War is what happens when language fails.', u'Margaret Atwood')
(u"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.", u'Kahlil Gibran')
(u'It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.', u'Herman Melville')
(u'Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u"A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.", u'Max Lucado')
(u"It's kind of fun to do the impossible.", u'Walt Disney Company')
(u'A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.", u'Anton Chekhov')
(u'Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them.', u'A.A. Milne')
(u'Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.', u'James     Baldwin')
(u"When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.", u'Taylor Swift')
(u'If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music.', u'Annie Proulx')
(u'Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"Unbeing dead isn't being alive.", u'E.E. Cummings')
(u'Books. Cats. Life is Good.', u'Edward Gorey')
(u'We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.', u'Alice Walker')
(u"People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes.", u'Neil Gaiman')
(u'Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.', u'Marcel Proust')
(u'Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.', u'Pablo Picasso')
(u'A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.', u'Leonardo da Vinci')
(u'The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.', u'Elbert Hubbard')
(u'What you seek is seeking you.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it.', u'Jeanette Winterson')
(u'Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.', u'Katharine Hepburn')
(u'There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.', u'P.G. Wodehouse')
(u'Life is to be enjoyed, not endured', u'Gordon B. Hinckley')
(u'Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.', u'E.L. Doctorow')
(u'Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.', u'Frank Zappa')
(u"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.", u'Lou Holtz')
(u'I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'The more I see, the less I know for sure.', u'John Lennon')
(u'The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.', u'Kalu Ndukwe Kalu')
(u"If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!", u'John Waters')
(u'We know what we are, but not what we may be.', u'William Shakespeare')
(u"Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.", u'Allen Ginsberg')
(u'The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.', u'Lao Tzu')
(u'There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.', u'Elie Wiesel')
(u'I love you also means I love you more than anyone loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that no one loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that I love no one else, and never have loved anyone else, and never will love anyone else.', u'Jonathan Safran Foer')
(u'What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.", u'Cassandra Clare')
(u'The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.', u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u"We all have our time machines, don't we. Those that take us back are memories...And those that carry us forward, are dreams.", u'H.G. Wells')
(u'The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.', u'Nicolas Chamfort')
(u'With freedom, books, flowers, and the moon, who could not be happy?', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.", u'J.K. Rowling')
(u'The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.', u'Jimi Hendrix')
(u"Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.", u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'You never fail until you stop trying.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.', u'Emily Dickinson')
(u'Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.', u'Henry James')
(u'In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u"Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.", u'H. Jackson Brown Jr.')
(u'Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?', u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.', u'Benjamin Spock')
(u'It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.', u'Vincent Van Gogh')
(u'Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself.', u'Sarah Dessen')
(u'All we demanded was our right to twinkle.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Hate the sin, love the sinner.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.', u'Amy Bloom')
(u'The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.', u'G.K. Chesterton')
(u'One love, one heart, one destiny.', u'Bob Marley')
(u'Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.', u'Bertrand Russell')
(u'A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.', u"Madeleine L'Engle")
(u'After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.', u'Philip Pullman')
(u'Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.', u'Hermann Hesse')
(u"Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.", u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.', u'Jane Austen')
(u'Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u"Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.", u'J.K. Rowling')
(u'My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.', u'Leonardo da Vinci')
(u"Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.", u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.", u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'I love you like a fat kid loves cake!', u'Scott Adams')
(u'History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u"Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.", u'Erica Jong')
(u"To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.", u'Taylor Swift')
(u'Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing.', u'Sylvia Plath')
(u"I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything.", u'F. Scott Fitzgerald')
(u'How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.', u'Henry David Thoreau')
(u'When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw.', u'Nelson Mandela')
(u'Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent.', u'Neil Gaiman')
(u"It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.", u'Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy')
(u'Forever is composed of nows.', u'Emily Dickinson')
(u'I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.', u'Jorge Luis Borges')
(u'Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Live to the point of tears.', u'Albert Camus')
(u"If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?", u'Jerry Seinfeld')
(u"Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!", u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u'We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.', u'Tom Robbins')
(u'Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.', u'Voltaire')
(u'People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.', u'Logan Pearsall Smith')
(u'A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.', u'Ivan Turgenev')
(u"They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now", u'Edna St. Vincent Millay')
(u"Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.", u'Richard Feynman')
(u"Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.", u'Nora Ephron')
(u'A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.', u'Maurice Sendak')
(u'Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.', u'Rainer Maria Rilke')
(u'There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose", u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.', u'Joss Whedon')
(u"If you don't like someone's story, write your own.", u'Chinua Achebe')
(u"We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.", u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u"Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?", u'Christopher Paolini')
(u'There are no facts, only interpretations.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u"If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.", u'S.E. Hinton')
(u'Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.', u'George Carlin')
(u'You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.', u'Colette')
(u'Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.', u'Robert Bloch')
(u'Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.', u'Pearl S. Buck')
(u'No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.', u'Elizabeth Peters')
(u'In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.', u'Margaret Thatcher')
(u"Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.", u'Bill Nye')
(u'The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.', u'Marjorie Pay Hinckley')
(u'There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.', u'William Arthur Ward')
(u"I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.", u'Rodney Dangerfield')
(u"Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.", u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.', u"Louis L'Amour")
(u'Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.', u'Paulo Coelho')
(u'Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.', u'Charles Dickens')
(u'Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.', u'George Orwell')
(u"Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.", u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.', u'A.A. Milne')
(u'A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.", u'Mark Twain')
(u'The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"I've got nothing to do today but smile.", u'Paul Simon')
(u'Find what you love and let it kill you.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.', u'Terry Pratchett')
(u'Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.', u'Margaret Fuller')
(u'If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'Dogs never bite me. Just humans.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get', u'W.P. Kinsella')
(u'I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.', u'Anne Frank')
(u"Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself.", u'Sara Henderson')
(u'Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?', u'George Carlin')
(u'Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'How did it get so late so soon?', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.", u'A.A. Milne')
(u'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.', u'W. Somerset Maugham')
(u'We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.', u'Ray Bradbury')
(u'I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.', u'Margaret Atwood')
(u'The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.', u'Henry Miller')
(u'We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u"I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end.", u'Gilda Radner')
(u"You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.", u'Milan Kundera')
(u"Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.", u'David Byrne')
(u'That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.', u'Emily Dickinson')
(u'The first draft of anything is shit.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it?", u'Edward Albee')
(u'It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.', u'Arthur Conan Doyle')
(u'You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u"If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.", u'Bill Watterson')
(u'In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate.', u'Isaac Asimov')
(u'Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.', u'Voltaire')
(u'Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.', u'Chico Xavier')
(u"Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.", u'Mae West')
(u'Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u"If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.", u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget.', u'Robert Jordan')
(u'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'I dream my painting and I paint my dream.', u'Vincent Van Gogh')
(u'We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.', u'Stephen Hawking')
(u'People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.', u'Saul Bellow')
(u"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.", u'Alice Walker')
(u'If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.', u'Stephen King')
(u'I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.', u'Jorge Luis Borges')
(u'All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.', u'Lemony Snicket')
(u'Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.', u'John Locke')
(u'You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read.', u'James     Baldwin')
(u'All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u"Never give up...No one knows what's going to happen next.", u'L. Frank Baum')
(u'Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.', u'Walter Cronkite')
(u"A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.", u'William G.T. Shedd')
(u'From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.', u'Groucho Marx')
(u'The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u"Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Books are the carriers of civilization...They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print.', u'Barbara W. Tuchman')
(u"If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.', u'Haruki Murakami')
(u"I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.", u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u'So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookshelf on the wall.', u'Roald Dahl')
(u"I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.", u'Madonna')
(u"Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life.", u'Ian Fleming')
(u'If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.', u'Margaret Lee Runbeck')
(u"It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.", u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength.', u'A.J. Cronin')
(u'America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.', u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.', u'Corrie ten Boom')
(u'What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.', u'Jane Goodall')
(u"Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.", u'Clare Boothe Luce')
(u'We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.', u'Cynthia Ozick')
(u"Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.", u'Jodi Picoult')
(u'Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.', u'Vincent Van Gogh')
(u"Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.", u'A.A. Milne')
(u"Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.", u'Thomas Jefferson')
(u"That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.", u'George Carlin')
(u'A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.', u'John Lennon')
(u"My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.", u'Patricia Highsmith')
(u'Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens', u'Jimi Hendrix')
(u'When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.', u'Truman Capote')
(u'Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.', u'August Wilson')
(u"Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.", u'Haruki Murakami')
(u'When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.', u'Anna Quindlen')
(u'Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.', u'Shmuley Boteach')
(u'Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u"Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.", u'Rob Reiner')
(u"I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.", u'Arthur C. Clarke')
(u'I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.', u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.', u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u'A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.', u'Irina Dunn')
(u'My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.', u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.', u'Anita Desai')
(u'I was wise enough never to grow up, while fooling people into believing I had.', u'Margaret Mead')
(u'If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.', u'Johann Wolfgang von Goethe')
(u"I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.", u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.', u'Niels Bohr')
(u'I am different, not less.', u'Temple Grandin')
(u'If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.', u'Franz Kafka')
(u'Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.', u'Dorothy Parker')
(u'Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'The creative adult is the child who has survived.', u'Ursula K. Le Guin')
(u"There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.", u'Audrey Hepburn')
(u"Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.", u'Lady Gaga')
(u"I've been homesick for countries I've never been, and longed to be where I couldn't be.", u'John Cheever')
(u'I am a cage, in search of a bird.', u'Franz Kafka')
(u"We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.", u'Paulo Coelho')
(u'I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.', u'Rita Mae Brown')
(u'The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!', u'Edward J. Stieglitz')
(u'And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on.', u'George Gordon Byron')
(u"Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.", u'Marguerite Duras')
(u"Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention.", u'Christopher Paolini')
(u'You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection', u'Sharon Salzberg')
(u'May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.', u'George Carlin')
(u'What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.', u'Walt Whitman')
(u'The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.', u'Bette Midler')
(u'Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.', u'Jane Austen')
(u'Try a little harder to be a little better.', u'Gordon B. Hinckley')
(u'We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.', u'Plato')
(u'Love is the absence of judgment.', u'Dalai Lama XIV')
(u"What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?", u'Charles M. Schulz')
(u'The past has no power over the present moment.', u'Eckhart Tolle')
(u'Creativity is intelligence having fun.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.', u'Joseph Campbell')
(u'If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.', u'Nicholas Sparks')
(u'Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.', u'Carl Sandburg')
(u'The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.', u'Katherine Mansfield')
(u'It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.', u'Voltaire')
(u'Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.', u'Robert Orben')
(u'Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.', u'Deepak Chopra')
(u'A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires.', u'Paulo Coelho')
(u"God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.", u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'There is a sacredness in tears....They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition and of unspeakable love.', u'Washington Irving')
(u"There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the heart that there's no forgetting them.", u'John Boyne')
(u'You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.', u'Aldous Huxley')
(u'Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.', u'Alan W. Watts')
(u'No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.', u'Eugene Field')
(u'When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.', u'Margaret Walker')
(u'I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u"The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.", u'Albert Einstein')
(u"I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.", u'Mae West')
(u'Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.', u'Confucius')
(u'There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.', u'Kazuo Ishiguro')
(u'When you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.', u'William Saroyan')
(u'Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.', u'Confucius')
(u"Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.", u'Desmond Tutu')
(u'Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'In a time of destruction, create something.', u'Maxine Hong Kingston')
(u'It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.', u'William Blake')
(u'Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"Whatever you're meant to do, do it now. The conditions are always impossible.", u'Doris Lessing')
(u'Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.', u'Kahlil Gibran')
(u'Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.", u'Bill Cosby')
(u'One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.', u'A.A. Milne')
(u'The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.', u'Steve Maraboli')
(u'Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.', u'William Wordsworth')
(u"I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list.", u'Susan Sontag')
(u'A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.', u'Lao Tzu')
(u'Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.', u'Ayn Rand')
(u'A house without books is like a room without windows.', u'Horace Mann')
(u'It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.', u'Neil Gaiman')
(u'People change and forget to tell each other.', u'Lillian Hellman')
(u'The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.', u'H.P. Lovecraft')
(u'Compassion is the basis of morality.', u'Arthur Schopenhauer')
(u'Let our scars fall in love.', u'Galway Kinnell')
(u'Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u'Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.', u'Jim Morrison')
(u'Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.', u'Winston S. Churchill')
(u'If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.', u'Dalai Lama XIV')
(u"Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it.", u'Markus Zusak')
(u"It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.", u'Nick Hornby')
(u'I drink to make other people more interesting.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear', u'Aung San Suu Kyi')
(u"It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.", u'W.C. Fields')
(u"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.", u'Lao Tzu')
(u'Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.', u'Charles Dickens')
(u'There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.', u'Adrienne Rich')
(u'Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.', u'Franz Kafka')
(u'Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.', u'Neil Gaiman')
(u'If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.', u'Frank Zappa')
(u'You can have it all. Just not all at once.', u'Oprah Winfrey')
(u'A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.', u'Phyllis Diller')
(u'But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.', u'Albert Camus')
(u"If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.", u'Robert Frost')
(u'The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.', u'Isabel Allende')
(u'If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.', u'Dorothy Parker')
(u"Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.", u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Who, being loved, is poor?', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.', u'Margaret Mead')
(u"Lost love is still love. It takes a different form, that's all. You can't see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. But when those senses weaken another heightens. Memory. Memory becomes your partner. You nurture it. You hold it. You dance with it.", u'Mitch Albom')
(u'I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.', u'Edna St. Vincent Millay')
(u"I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.", u'Boris Pasternak')
(u"Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.", u'Sarah Dessen')
(u'Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.', u'Herbert Hoover')
(u'Do not read as children do to enjoy themselves, or, as the ambitious do to educate themselves. No, read to live.', u'Gustave Flaubert')
(u'My rapier wit hides my inner pain.', u'Cassandra Clare')
(u"My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.", u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.', u'Terry Pratchett')
(u'Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'A party without cake is just a meeting', u'Julia Child')
(u'When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.', u'Arrigo Boito')
(u'If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'I get a warm feeling among my books.', u'Anthony Powell')
(u"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.", u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.', u'Steve Jobs')
(u'The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.', u'Nikolai Gogol')
(u'The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.', u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively', u'Bob Marley')
(u'When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.', u'Charles Lamb')
(u'Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.', u'Robert Louis Stevenson')
(u"Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.", u'Paulo Coelho')
(u'The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'A library is infinity under a roof.', u'Gail Carson Levine')
(u'Nothing great in the world was accomplished without passion.', u'Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel')
(u'Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.", u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.', u'P.C. Cast')
(u'Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.', u'Mary Oliver')
(u"Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.", u'Barack Obama')
(u'What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?', u'George Eliot')
(u'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.', u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u'Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Black holes are where God divided by zero.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.', u'John Muir')
(u'There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.', u'Socrates')
(u"If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.", u'George S. Patton Jr.')
(u'Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Where words leave off, music begins.', u'Heinrich Heine')
(u'Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.', u'Edward Abbey')
(u'Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.', u'Guy de Maupassant')
(u"Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.", u'Franz Kafka')
(u'The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely.', u'Lorraine Hansberry')
(u'Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.', u'Elie Wiesel')
(u'No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.', u'Hal Borland')
(u"I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no one but you yourself alone.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.', u'Pablo Picasso')
(u'Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.', u'J.K. Rowling')
(u'Believe only half of what you see and nothing that you hear.', u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.', u'Groucho Marx')
(u'Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.', u'Benjamin Franklin')
(u"Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.', u'Ashleigh Brilliant')
(u'Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.', u'Steve Martin')
(u'It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'You can make anything by writing.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u"Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.", u'Joyce Carol Oates')
(u"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.", u'Mark Twain')
(u'Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.', u'Langston Hughes')
(u"Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.", u'Coco Chanel')
(u'She feels in italics and thinks in CAPITALS.', u'Henry James')
(u"If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, it's within your reach. And it'll be worth every minute you spend alone at night, thinking and thinking about what it is you want to design or build. It'll be worth it, I promise.", u'Steve Wozniak')
(u'The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.", u'Hunter S. Thompson')
(u'Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.', u'Mae West')
(u'Make your own Bible. Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u"One person's craziness is another person's reality.", u'Tim Burton')
(u'The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it.', u'Katharine Graham')
(u'We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.', u'J.K. Rowling')
(u"There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...", u'John Lennon')
(u"My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.", u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.', u'Blaise Pascal')
(u'To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.', u'Victor Hugo')
(u'You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.', u'Pablo Neruda')
(u'My course is set for an uncharted sea.', u'Dante Alighieri')
(u'Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.', u'Charles Bukowski')
(u'Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.', u'Guy de Maupassant')
(u'All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u"If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree.", u'Michael Crichton')
(u"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.", u'Kurt Cobain')
(u"There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.", u'Beatrix Potter')
(u'The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.', u'Martin Luther King Jr.')
(u"I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.", u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true.', u'E.Y. Harburg')
(u'When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'Little by little, one travels far', u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u"I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I'm afraid of.", u'Joss Whedon')
(u"A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.", u'Maya Angelou')
(u"If I am really a part of your dream, you'll come back one day.", u'Paulo Coelho')
(u'Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.', u'Bob Marley')
(u'Only you can control your future.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.', u'Pat  Monahan')
(u"I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.', u'John Muir')
(u'Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.', u'James     Baldwin')
(u"Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.", u'Bob Dylan')
(u"When you read a book, you hold another's mind in your hands.", u'James  Burke')
(u'The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.', u'Albert Camus')
(u'Shut your eyes and see.', u'James Joyce')
(u'Tears are words that need to be written.', u'Paulo Coelho')
(u"I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.", u'Mark Twain')
(u"It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.", u'Terry Pratchett')
(u'A word after a word after a word is power.', u'Margaret Atwood')
(u'I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.', u'Rebecca West')
(u'There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.', u'George Carlin')
(u'Be glad. Be good. Be brave.', u'Eleanor H. Porter')
(u'Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen.", u"Conan O'Brien")
(u'Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.', u'T.S. Eliot')
(u'Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.', u'Sigmund Freud')
(u'If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely.', u'Charlotte Bront')
(u"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.", u'Harvey Fierstein')
(u'You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write.', u'Annie Proulx')
(u'Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.', u'William Makepeace Thackeray')
(u"From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.", u'Edgar Allan Poe')
(u'I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.', u'Laura Ingalls Wilder')
(u'Only the dead have seen the end of war.', u'Plato')
(u'There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.', u'Ray Bradbury')
(u'Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.', u'Steven Spielberg')
(u'Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.', u'Edna St. Vincent Millay')
(u'I have nothing to declare except my genius.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that receives it.', u'Edith Wharton')
(u"You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.", u'Bill Watterson')
(u'Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.', u'Charles M. Schulz')
(u'The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.', u'George Carlin')
(u"I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.", u'Bill Watterson')
(u'The unfed mind devours itself.', u'Gore Vidal')
(u"History does not always repeat itself. Sometimes it just yells, 'Can't you remember anything I told you?' and lets fly with a club.", u'John W. Campbell Jr.')
(u'Is there no way out of the mind?', u'Sylvia Plath')
(u"Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.", u'Lauren Conrad')
(u"I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.", u'Taylor Swift')
(u'The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.', u'Confucius')
(u'With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.', u'Margaret Mitchell')
(u"Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.", u'Rose Wilder Lane')
(u'You never know what life is like, until you have lived it.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'The past is never where you think you left it.', u'Katherine Anne Porter')
(u'Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.', u'W.E.B. Du Bois')
(u'Courage is found in unlikely places.', u'J.R.R. Tolkien')
(u'Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.', u'E.E. Cummings')
(u'Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts.', u'Washington Irving')
(u'Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.', u'Jean de La Fontaine')
(u'I feel free and strong. If I were not a reader of books I could not feel this way.', u'Walter Tevis')
(u'That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.', u'Christopher Hitchens')
(u'The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.', u'Edmund Burke')
(u"You're something between a dream and a miracle.", u'Elizabeth Barrett Browning')
(u'The future depends on what you do today.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.', u'Mark Twain')
(u'You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.', u'Carlos Castaneda')
(u'The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.', u'Michel de Montaigne')
(u'The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.', u'Daniel J. Boorstin')
(u'A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u"This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.", u'Neil Gaiman')
(u"If you liked being a teenager, there's something really wrong with you.", u'Stephen King')
(u'The only truth is music.', u'Jack Kerouac')
(u'Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.', u'Kahlil Gibran')
(u'Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.', u'Ben Okri')
(u"Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.", u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'One must dare to be happy.', u'Gertrude Stein')
(u'Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.', u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'I just want to be wonderful.', u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.', u'Walt Disney Company')
(u'She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.', u"Flannery O'Connor")
(u'When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"I restore myself when I'm alone.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.', u'Taylor Swift')
(u'We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit.', u'E.E. Cummings')
(u'Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'You believe in a book that has talking animals, wizards, witches, demons, sticks turning into snakes, burning bushes, food falling from the sky, people walking on water, and all sorts of magical, absurd and primitive stories, and you say that we are the ones that need help?', u'Mark Twain')
(u'The past is always tense, the future perfect.', u'Zadie Smith')
(u"My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.", u'Warsan Shire')
(u'I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think', u'Socrates')
(u'Every weirdo in the world is on my wavelength.', u'Thomas Pynchon')
(u'Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.', u'Steve Maraboli')
(u"Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.", u'Anne Frank')
(u'All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened and after you are finished reading one you will feel that all that happened to you and afterwards it all belongs to you: the good and the bad, the ecstasy, the remorse and sorrow, the people and the places and how the weather was. If you can get so that you can give that to people, then you are a writer.', u'Ernest Hemingway')
(u'We are always the same age inside.', u'Gertrude Stein')
(u'Ignorance killed the cat; curiosity was framed!', u'C.J. Cherryh')
(u'Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.', u'Mark Twain')
(u"Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.", u'Mae West')
(u"Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.", u'Steve Jobs')
(u'Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.', u'Zora Neale Hurston')
(u"Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough", u'Oprah Winfrey')
(u"I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.", u'Groucho Marx')
(u'Life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jellyfish.', u'Charlie Chaplin')
(u'To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'...you can hate a place with all your heart and soul and still be homesick for it.', u'Joseph Mitchell')
(u'May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view.', u'Edward Abbey')
(u"We'd get sick on too many cookies, but ever so much sicker on no cookies at all.", u'Sinclair Lewis')
(u'Hope is a waking dream.', u'Aristotle')
(u"Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.", u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u"A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u"We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas.", u'Noam Chomsky')
(u'Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.', u'Judy Garland')
(u'As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world.', u'Virginia Woolf')
(u'It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere.', u'Lois Lowry')
(u'I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.', u'H.L. Mencken')
(u'I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.', u'Nelson Mandela')
(u"I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.", u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction.', u'Rachel Carson')
(u'He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'Freedom lies in being bold.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.', u'Frida Kahlo')
(u"We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.", u'Marilyn Monroe')
(u'What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.', u'Daphne du Maurier')
(u"Our finger prints don't fade from the lives we touch.", u'Judy Blume')
(u"When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.", u'Mae West')
(u'Learn the rules, break the rules, make up new rules, break the new rules.', u'Marvin Bell')
(u'If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.', u'Frank Zappa')
(u'Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you.', u'Alex Haley')
(u"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.", u'F. Scott Fitzgerald')
(u'In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard.', u'John Grisham')
(u'The mind I love must have wild places.', u'Katherine Mansfield')
(u"But I didn't understand then. That I could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. That a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair.", u'Haruki Murakami')
(u"Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.", u'Mother Teresa')
(u'The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.', u'Ben Okri')
(u'Humor is reason gone mad.', u'Groucho Marx')
(u'For me, literacy means freedom. For the individual and for society.', u'LeVar Burton')
(u'Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.', u'Henry Thomas Buckle')
(u'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.', u'C.G. Jung')
(u'All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.', u'Patricia Cornwell')
(u"If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.", u'Terry Pratchett')
(u'In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.', u'John Updike')
(u'What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.', u'C.S. Lewis')
(u'You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.', u'Emily Dickinson')
(u"This is how it works. I love the people in my life, and I do for my friends whatever they need me to do for them, again and again, as many times as is necessary. For example, in your case you always forgot who you are and how much you're loved. So what I do for you as your friend is remind you who you are and tell you how much I love you. And this isn't any kind of burden for me, because I love who you are very much. Every time I remind you, I get to remember with you, which is my pleasure.", u'James Lecesne')
(u'No good deed goes unpunished.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?', u'Gautama Buddha')
(u'The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you are finished.', u'Nelson DeMille')
(u"Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.", u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'A bit of trash now and then is good for the severest reader. It provides the necessary roughage in the literary diet.', u'Phyllis McGinley')
(u'Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.', u'Stephen Fry')
(u"It's the mortal cup Jace, not the mortal toilet bowl.", u'Cassandra Clare')
(u"We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.", u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u"When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.", u'Fred Rogers')
(u"A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.", u'William S. Burroughs')
(u"When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.", u'Abraham Lincoln')
(u'Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!', u'Maya Angelou')
(u"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.", u'Norman Vincent Peale')
(u'If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Books: a beautifully browsable invention that needs no electricity and exists in a readable form no matter what happens.', u'Nicholson Baker')
(u"You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.", u'Jack London')
(u'Imagination does not become great until human beings, given the courage and the strength, use it to create.', u'Maria Montessori')
(u'The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u"I don't think there is any truth. There are only points of view.", u'Allen Ginsberg')
(u'We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.', u'Kahlil Gibran')
(u'See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.', u'Robin Williams')
(u'I am not interested in being original. I am interested in being true.', u'Agostinho da Silva')
(u"If you are a student you should always get a good nights sleep unless you have come to the good part of your book, and then you should stay up all night and let your schoolwork fall by the wayside, a phrase which means 'flunk'.", u'Lemony Snicket')
(u'The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.', u'W.B. Yeats')
(u'Always be a poet, even in prose.', u'Charles Baudelaire')
(u"Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.", u'Woody Allen')
(u'I know of a cure for everything: salt water...in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea.', u'Karen Blixen')
(u"if you love two people at the same time, choose the second. Because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.", u'Johnny Depp')
(u'Your thorns are the best part of you.', u'Marianne Moore')
(u'Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.', u'Leo Tolstoy')
(u'Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman.', u'Coco Chanel')
(u"If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes.", u'Chuck Palahniuk')
(u'The best way out is always through.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.', u'Anthony Burgess')
(u'The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.', u'Joseph Joubert')
(u'I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.', u'Audrey Hepburn')
(u'Be awesome! Be a book nut!', u'Dr. Seuss')
(u'Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.', u'Oscar Wilde')
(u'The question is not what you look at, but what you see.', u'Henry David Thoreau')
(u'After all, Ginger Rogers did everything that Fred Astaire did. She just did it backwards and in high heels.', u'Ann Richards')
(u'Never miss a good chance to shut up.', u'Will Rogers')
(u'Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand', u'Hayley Williams')
(u"If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.", u'John Lennon')
(u"The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.", u'Mark Twain')
(u'The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it.', u'Woody Allen')
(u"I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.", u'Carl Sandburg')
(u"If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.", u'Isaac Asimov')
(u"I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.", u'John Lennon')
(u'Only someone who is well prepared has the opportunity to improvise.', u'Ingmar Bergman')
(u'So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?', u'Hunter S. Thompson')
(u'One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.', u'Lewis Carroll')
(u'What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife.', u'Rodney Dangerfield')
(u"Alone. Yes, that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym.", u'Stephen King')
(u'My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.', u'Dalai Lama XIV')
(u'Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it. Those who do not do it, think of it as a cousin of stamp collecting, a sister of the trophy cabinet, bastard of a sound bank account and a weak mind.', u'Jeanette Winterson')
(u"That's what fiction is for. It's for getting at the truth when the truth isn't sufficient for the truth.", u"Tim O'Brien")
(u'Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful.', u'Kathleen Winsor')
(u'Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.', u'Harvey Pekar')
(u'Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.', u'George Bernard Shaw')
(u'Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.', u'Cheris Kramarae')
(u'Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.', u'Lorraine Hansberry')
(u'The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.', u'C. JoyBell C.')
(u'Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.', u'Albert Camus')
(u'There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.', u'Gautama Buddha')
(u"What I've come to learn is that the world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in the simple accumulation of gentle, soft, almost invisible acts of compassion.", u'Chris Abani')
(u'The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.', u'Plato')
(u'Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u"If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.", u'Nora Roberts')
(u'When the enemy has no face, society will invent one.', u'Susan Faludi')
(u'Adventure is worthwhile in itself.', u'Amelia Earhart')
(u'The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.', u'Walt Disney Company')
(u'Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.', u'Jonathan Kellerman')
(u"Ideas are easy. It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats.", u'Sue Grafton')
(u'The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.', u'George Carlin')
(u'In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.', u'H.M. Harwood')
(u'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.', u'Mother Teresa')
(u'The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.', u'Mahatma Gandhi')
(u'I know all those words, but that sentence makes no sense to me.', u'Matt Groening')
(u'If you want to be happy, be.', u'Leo Tolstoy')
(u'Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'It is not the length of life, but the depth.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'Books fall open, you fall in.', u'David T.W. McCord')
(u'Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.', u'G.K. Chesterton')
(u'The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.', u'Friedrich Nietzsche')
(u'Poetry is what gets lost in translation.', u'Robert Frost')
(u'It takes a lot of time to be a genius. You have to sit around so much, doing nothing, really doing nothing.', u'Gertrude Stein')
(u'Love can make even nice people do awful things.', u'Jude Deveraux')
(u'The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.', u'Albert Einstein')
(u'Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
(u'The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.', u'Maya Angelou')
(u'Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.', u'Henry Adams')
(u'He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.', u'Confucius')
(u"I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.", u'Mae West')
(u"Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.", u'Jalaluddin Rumi')
(u'I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles', u'Audrey Hepburn')
(u'It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.', u'George Washington')
(u'If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?', u'George Carlin')
(u'The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.', u'Marcel Proust')
(u'Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!', u'Bram Stoker')
(u'We are all born mad. Some remain so.', u'Samuel Beckett')
(u'No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.', u'Eleanor Roosevelt')
(u'Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.', u'Charlotte Bront')
(u'The earth laughs in flowers.', u'Ralph Waldo Emerson')
